[androiddebugbridge] add start intent channel (#12438)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.androiddebugbridge/README.md

| wake-lock            | Number | Power wake lock value                                                                                                         |
| screen-state         | Switch | Screen power state                                                                                                            |

#### Start Intent

> This channel allows to call am start, the sintax por it is:

Reviewer: Some typos here.

<package/activity>||<<arg name>> <arg value>||...

This is a sample:
com.netflix.ninja/.MainActivity||<a>android.intent.action.VIEW||<d>netflix://title/80025384||<f>0x10000020||<es>amzn_deeplink_data 80025384

> Not all the (arguments)[https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/adb#IntentSpec] are supported, open an issue or pr if you need more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not all the (arguments)[https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/adb#IntentSpec] are supported. Please open an issue or pull request if you need more.
```
